{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh7580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The 12Z model runs predict that the frontal moisture plume will extended further west than what we were seeing yesterday. Both the NAM and GFS show the trough axis passing over us at Fri 18Z with the arrival of pre-frontal cloud cover occurring sometime between 15 and 18Z. Both models show that moisture is to be concentrated in a relatively shallow layer around 700mb but disagree on distribution. NAM data suggests that there is a good chance that uniform stratus will be in place over the Wyo/Neb border near Lusk by 15Z. In contrast, the GFS only calls for broken cover in that area. \
\
\
\
Both models call for clouds in the Lusk area to be concentrated in ~1 km layer with 0 C cloud bases at 700 mb. With stable regions directly above and dry conditions with significant shear below. The NAM sounding below shows 15Z conditions near Lusk. GFS soundings are quite similar but show lower relative humidity in the 700 - 650 mb region. Formation will be due to frontal forcing as CAPE values are zero throughout the region.\
\
HRRR and RAP runs only extend to 12Z right now but they seem to predict more uniform cloud cover similar to the NAM.\
\
Right now it seems likely that there will be fairly uniform stratiform clouds present over the Wyo/Neb border to the east-north-east of us from around 13 - 17Z tomorrow. They will be mostly liquid phase and be in fairly windy regions (~30 knots at mid-cloud level) with cloud base coinciding with a dry slow northerly flow. Coverage varies from overcast to broken depending on which model you believe.}